[DOCS-8767] Remove referencing files in kubernetes section (#25521)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/advanced_configurations.md

## Overview

> This document goes over bootstrapping the Observability Pipelines Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains bootstrapping for the Observability Pipelines Worker.
```

Reviewer: "goes over" is a kind of a colloquialism that might not translate well. Just a suggestion.
